entity/News.java
 entity.News
entity/work/task/TaskRepository.java
 entity.work.task.TaskRepository
entity/Entity.java
 entity.Entity
entity/work/test/finalTest/FinalTest.java
 entity.work.test.finalTest.FinalTest
entity/user/Student.java
 entity.user.Student
entity/EntityView.java
 entity.EntityView
 entity.EntityView$ID
 entity.EntityView$INIT
 entity.EntityView$METHODIST_QUESTION
 entity.EntityView$SHORT
 entity.EntityView$STUDENT
 entity.EntityView$TEACHER_GROUP_LIST
 entity.EntityView$TEACHER_STUDENT_LIST_IN_GROUP
 entity.EntityView$TREE
entity/Section.java
 entity.Section
entity/work/test/base/Question.java
 entity.work.test.base.Question
 entity.work.test.base.Question$TYPE
entity/work/solution/Solution.java
 entity.work.solution.Solution
entity/work/Report.java
 entity.work.Report
entity/work/test/finalTest/FinalAnswer.java
 entity.work.test.finalTest.FinalAnswer
entity/work/test/Test.java
 entity.work.test.Test
 entity.work.test.Test$STATUS
entity/user/Methodist.java
 entity.user.Methodist
entity/file/AmadeusFile.java
 entity.file.AmadeusFile
entity/lecture/AbstractLecture.java
 entity.lecture.AbstractLecture
entity/Roleable.java
 entity.Roleable
entity/user/ROLE.java
 entity.user.ROLE
entity/lecture/Lecture.java
 entity.lecture.Lecture
entity/lecture/GivenLecture.java
 entity.lecture.GivenLecture
entity/user/User.java
 entity.user.User
entity/SectionRepository.java
 entity.SectionRepository
entity/work/solution/Algorithm.java
 entity.work.solution.Algorithm
entity/work/test/base/Answer.java
 entity.work.test.base.Answer
entity/user/StudentGroup.java
 entity.user.StudentGroup
entity/lecture/LectureRepository.java
 entity.lecture.LectureRepository
entity/SectionTree.java
 entity.SectionTree
entity/NewsRepository.java
 entity.NewsRepository
entity/work/test/nullTest/NullAnswer.java
 entity.work.test.nullTest.NullAnswer
entity/user/Roleable.java
 entity.user.Roleable
entity/work/task/Formula.java
 entity.work.task.Formula
entity/work/test/nullTest/NullTest.java
 entity.work.test.nullTest.NullTest
entity/CamelCaseNamingStrategy.java
 entity.CamelCaseNamingStrategy
entity/user/Teacher.java
 entity.user.Teacher
entity/work/task/TaskVariant.java
 entity.work.task.TaskVariant
entity/work/task/Task.java
 entity.work.task.Task
entity/work/task/Task_TYPE.java
 entity.work.task.Task_TYPE
entity/work/GivenTask.java
 entity.work.GivenTask
 entity.work.GivenTask$COMPLETE_STATUS
 entity.work.GivenTask$EDIT_STATUS
